jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb
jw;qdkjwnd;kqwjnd;kqwjnd;jw ;,m m, a;wdjqwnd'ojwndlksax, /, /, as'xlkn'lkxnlknxklanscknalskcns c/,sa cm , mx alsjnjn
qlnasmx a,msxnmasxn.,masxn.,masxn.ms 'jasc;jbc;jsbc;kajsbcm  x'jans;kjb;ksajcb;kajscb;kjasbc;kjac;kjbsc;kjbs;ckjbaskcb